Today we're going to show you how to rig bait
fish for bass. Generally for bass, bass fishing
is done with generally shiners, golden shiners,
or even perch or goldfish where it's legal.
Now the first thing you want to do is when
you hook up your rig is generally use one
ought or two ought hook. These are small hooks
just for example. You're going to tie that
hook on with a clinch knot, or what ever knot
you feel comfortable tying. We're going to
trim the tag end off, if I don't hook myself.
Here we go, and now what we do is we place
the split shot about eight to ten inches above
the hook. I bite it down to clamp it down,
it's a small split shot. Just for example.
And then there's all kinds of different bobbers
you can use. Corks, bobbers, whatever you
feel comfortable using. You definitely want
one that's going to be able to keep the fish
somewhat stable. And you want to put the bobber
up generally about two and a half feet from
the hook. And now you're going to hook up
your shiner, your golden shiner right behind
the dorsal fin, and there you go. There's
your rig. You've got your bobber, your split
and you've got your minnow on your one ought
or two ought hook. And then then there's another
right that you can use if you hook it through
the lip, with a weedless hook. Hook the minnow
through the lip, put the weed guy on it, and
that's just another option of hooking it on.
And that's how you set up for bass with a
minnow.